SPECTRA: It was just before we joined the
Battle Brawlers at the Mother Palace that we
received a rogue transmission containing phantom data.
GUS: Master Spectra?
GUS: Is that?
SPECTRA: Look at this. How very interesting.
SPECTRA: It seems that the only chance Helios has to
defeat Drago is to evolve at a faster rate than
him...This phantom data may provide us with the
key to do that.
GUS: That's incredible, sir.
SPECTRA: It is, isn't it? !
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Gus. Come look at this.
GUS: You did it, sir.
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: It's time. We can finally execute our plan to make
you the Ultimate Bakugan.
HELIOS: Finally.
SPECTRA: Get ready, Dan...The final
battle...will soon be upon you!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
Spectra's Last Stand.
DAN: I still have no clue where those Bakugan came from.
DAN: It's just so weird.
BARON: The one I fought was crazy strong.
DAN: No kidding.
NEMUS: I've taken some hard hits before but that
was unlike anything I've ever encountered.
ACE: I don't like this, guys.
There's just too many question marks involved in this.
PERCIVAL: I'm with Ace.
SHUN: Those Bakugan have to be connected to the
Phantom Data somehow...and I think Helios' Battle
gear probably is too.
INGRAM: But how can we be sure?
MARUCHO: My team is analyzing the data as fast
as they can but ...it's heavily encrypted so it's
going to take a lot of time.
ELFIN: Oh, I just love a good mystery.
PREYAS: Are you for real?
RUNO: Maybe we should chill.
We don't know that they're our enemies.
TIGRERRA: Runo has a point.
JULIE: Why would they hurt us?
We just destroyed the BT System.
GOREM: Our people should finally be at peace.
MIRA: Well, let's hope that's truly the case.
WILLDA: For all of our sakes.
HELIOS: There will be no more distractions.
No more rescue missions or confused agendas.
In my next battle with Drago I will be victorious.
SPECTRA: It's good to see you haven't lost your
fire, Helios.
HELIOS: It burns hotter than ever, Spectra.
WILLDA: There's nothing more you could do, Mira.
JULIE: What's wrong, girl?
RUNO: Yeah, Mira. Talk to us. We're here for you.
MIRA: No, it's nothing.
I was just thinking about the Phantom Data.
Listen, lets do something fun for a change.
Anyone up for bowling? What d'ya say?
ACE: Quit pretending.
ACE: You're wondering...
ACE: ...where Spectra is, just like us.
MIRA: Actually Ace, you're wrong.
Keith is nothing more than a distant memory to me now.
And I've laid him to rest.
For good.
RUNO: Mira...
DAN: Hey Mira...
MIRA: Huh?
DAN: There's something...that I think
I should tell you.
MIRA: Uh huh?
DAN: Spectra may be dead to you, but I'm not ready
to give up on him yet.
I'm convinced he could be a great addition to the team.
DAN: And I'll tell him that, if we ever see him again.
Believe it.
MIRA: Dan...I'm glad...you're still
optimistic about Keith.
I hope you're right and that maybe one day he'll
still come around.
DAN: I love Tuesdays...Cos it's Taco night!
I love Tuesdays...Cos it's Taco night!
BARON: I really like tacos too but...
ACE: So annoying.
DAN: Awww! Gimme a break. I'm totally starving.
DAN: Huh?
SPECTRA: Dan Kuso.
DAN: [gasp]
SPECTRA: Can you hear me, Dan?
DAN: Spectra?
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: It's time, Dan...Let's battle.
DAN: What do you mean?
Where are you?! Show yourself!
ACE: Come on Spectra?
SHUN: I think he's speaking to Dan telepathically.
That's why we can't hear him.
DAN: Tell me why you want to battle!
SPECTRA: It's time to finalize my creation of
the Ultimate Bakugan.
DAN: Are you still going on about that crazy plan
of yours?!
DAN: There's been enough fighting, Spectra.
It's time for peace!
PREYAS: Who's Dan yelling at?
ELFIN: Yeah! What's going on?!
MARUCHO: Um...Dan?
MIRA: Ace, what is it?
ACE: Spectra's communicating with Dan.
MIRA: Huh?
DAN: Now Taco Night's ruined!
[\u266a]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Helios! Can you hear me?!
HELIOS: I hear you, Drago.
SPECTRA: The time for talking is over.
Let the final battle begin now.
HELIOS: I'm ready to realize my dream.
DAN: You want a final battle?
You got it, but this time you won't be walking away.
DRAGO: Dan...your grip...
DAN: Oh, sorry pal.
SPECTRA: Are you ready or not, Dan?
DAN: Yah! More than ready.
DAN: Let's do this Spectra!
MIRA: Dan!
RUNO: No... Don't do it.
JULIE: Spectra abandoned you.
MARUCHO: You don't owe him the satisfaction of a final battle.
DAN: Don't care.
DRAGO: They won't leave us alone until we finish this.
INGRAM: Be careful friend.
PERCIVAL: Good luck.
BARON: Stop it guys. You're freaking me out!
ACE: We still don't know if he's connected to the
Phantom Data.
SHUN: Calm down, Dan.
You're letting your emotions get the best of you.
MARUCHO: Yah... I agree with Ace.
Why don't' you take a bit of time to think
this thing through?
DAN: Forget it.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
DAN: Don't need to...I know exactly what I'm doing.
MIRA: Please don't do it.
DAN: I'm sorry...but I have to...what do you say, Drago?
You ready to show these clowns who the boss is?
DRAGO: Absolutely.
MIRA: Then I'm going too.
JULIE: Yeah, me too!
RUNO: I guess...you guys can count me in.
ACE: Why should you get to have all the fun, Dan.
PERCIVAL: Yeah, we at least wanna watch!
MARUCHO: Let's go!
BARON: We're right behind you...Master Dan!
SHUN: Mmmmhmmm!
DAN: Alright! Looks like we're traveling as a team then.
Okay Drago!
DRAGO: Leave it to me!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: I've found him.
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: I see you've brought an army.
Am I fighting your whole crew, Dan?
DAN: Nope, just me.
HELIOS: Any last words, Drago?
DRAGO: Just three, Helios
DRAGO: Bring-it-on!
MIRA: Oh, Keith...
HELIOS: I will destroy Drago once and for all!
DAN: Time to finish this Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Remember to be on your guard, Dan.
ACE: Yeah, something seems a little different about
Spectra today.
DAN: Yup!
BARON: Keep your eyes peeled, guys.
MIRA: Watch their backs.
SHUN: I'm on it.
RUNO: Me too.
JULIE: Yah! Ditto!
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: I'm going to enjoy this.
DAN: Not as much as me!
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
SPECTRA/DAN: Gauntlet!
...Power Strike!
SPECTRA: Gate Card, set!
SPECTRA: No mercy, Helios.
HELIOS: Don't worry. I have none in my heart to give.
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan stand! Pyrus Helios Mark 2!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
DAN: Drago...You ready buddy?
DRAGO: Ready!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Pyrus Helix Dragonoid!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: At last! The Final Battle has begun!
DAN: Time to dance, Spectra!
Let's go! Let's do it!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Chaos Powered Cannon!
DAN: Ability Activate!
DAN: Dragon Hummer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaahhhh!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
HELIOS: You've gotten faster, Drago.
DRAGO: [exertion as he dodges beams]
HELIOS: Stay still!
DRAGO: You wish!
SPECTRA: Helios! Keep firing on him...Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Pulsing Twister!
HELIOS: [rising roar]
DRAGO: [pain, exertion]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Discharger!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: Haaaaaahhh!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Ooompph! [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: Haaaaahhh !
HELIOS: I told you I'd finish you off, Drago.
SPECTRA: Gate Card, open!
SPECTRA: Active Ghost!
HELIOS: Here it comes!
DAN: No way! Ability, activate! Firim Tornado!
DAN: This should nullify your gate card!
HELIOS: [angry roar]
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Haaaaahhhh!
ACE: Nice one!
MARUCHO: Great counter attack!
DAN: Ability activate! Galactic Dragon!
DRAGO: Huuuuaaaahhhh!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
SPECTRA: FARBAS EM Activate!
DRAGO: [punching, exertion]
HELIOS: [corresponding grunts, pain]
MECHANICAL VOICE: Unable to repair damage...Defense
ability malfunction.
SPECTRA: What do you mean it's malfunctioning?
MECHANICAL VOICE: Damage sustained from
Galactic Dragon 85%.
MECHANICAL VOICE: Damage level orange and climbing.
MECHANICAL VOICE: Defense System failure.
Activating main body safety protocols.
HELIOS: Not yet.
HELIOS: I can still fight!
SPECTRA: [angry growl] I can't believe we lost by so much.
DAN: So Spectra?
Finished trying to prove you're the best, yet?
SPECTRA: In your dreams.
I'd rather die trying than finish second.
And so would Helios.
DAN: Be careful what you wish for, Spectra...
Gate Card, set!
DAN: Go Drago! Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Galactic Dragon!
DRAGO: Haaaaaahhhh!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Rangrock Cannon!
HELIOS: That was a lucky shot before, Drago.
You're going down.
DRAGO: Talk is cheap...Helios.
DAN: Fusion Ability, activate!
...Dragon Surge!
DRAGO: I will not be defeated!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [rising roar as he shoots ball]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
SPECTRA: Ability activate! Dragon Pincers!
HELIOS: Quit your jumping around!
[\u266a]
DAN: Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
DAN: Helix Shield!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [frustrated grunt]
DAN: Come on. Let's go! Let's finish this Drago buddy!
DRAGO: My pleasure!
SPECTRA: You heard them, Helios.
HELIOS: I'm gonna tear you apart, Drago.
HELIOS: Say goodbye!
HELIOS: [rising, mighty roar]
DRAGO: Helios! What are you doing?
HELIOS: [roar of madness and pain]
MECHANICAL VOICE: Safety circuit malfunction,
energy circuit disabled, all security circuits have
been deactivated.
DRAGO: What have you done?
HELIOS: Now nothing can stop me from fighting you
to the very end!
ACE: Look at him. He's gone completely crazy!
DAN: Okay. You really want to fight that badly?!
Gate Card open!
[\u266a]
DAN: Land Pressure!
HELIOS: [pain]
HELIOS: You think you can stop me?
HELIOS: Haaaaaaahhhhh!
HELIOS: Spectra! Summon the Battle Gear!
[\u266a]
GAUNTLET: Ready, Twin Destructor.
SPECTRA: Battle Gear...Boost!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
SPECTRA: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
SPECTRA: Twin Destructor!
HELIOS: Huuuuaaaahhh!
DRAGO: [grunting, pain]
HELIOS: [determined roar]
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Now Helios!
HELIOS: Okay!
HELIOS: Down you go, Drago!
DAN: You're the one going down!
...Ability activate!
DAN: Burning Reflector!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
SPECTRA: It's no use.
HELIOS: It's over!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunting, pain]
DAN: Drago!
GAUNTLET: Dan Life force 80%.
DAN: [scream]
MIRA: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Oh no!
DAN: That was intense.
DAN: Ooh Boy! You were right, Spectra...This Final
Battle has been a whole lot of fun!
SPECTRA: Hmmphh. Gate Card, set!
SPECTRA: Go Helios!
...Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Here we go again, Drago...
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Battle Gear...Boost!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Ability activate...Spinning Wall!
SPECTRA: Gate Card, open!
SPECTRA: Enemy Re-setter!
SPECTRA: Battle Gear Ability, activate!
SPECTRA: Twin Destructor! Level 2!
SPECTRA: The Enemy Re-setter nullifies all the
opponent's abilities and it also works with the battle gear...
SPECTRA: ...doubling the attack power of the battle
gear's abilities!
SPECTRA: There's no way you can win now!
DAN: [angry growl]
HELIOS: Your time has come, Drago.
HELIOS: Say goodnight!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunting, pain]
DAN: [grunting, pain]
DAN: Drago!
HELIOS: Can you feel it? Your life slipping away?
DRAGO: [grunting, pain]
DAN: Hold on, Drago!
HELIOS: Huh?! What?!
HELIOS: [grunt]
HELIOS: I'm not done with you...
DAN: Get up, Drago!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
SPECTRA: Keep fighting, Helios!
HELIOS: [rising roar]
DRAGO: [rising roar]
HELIOS/DRAGO: [grunt, impact]
HELIOS/DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: What? !
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: The Battle Gear!
HELIOS: [pain, frustration roar]
DRAGO: Now it's over, Helios.
HELIOS: Never!
HELIOS: I will destroy you.... [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
BARON: Man that was harsh.
NEMUS: No kidding. My ribs hurt just watching it.
HELIOS: Arrrrghhhh!
DRAGO: Oooommmphh.
DRAGO: Enough!
HELIOS/DRAGO: [impact, exertion]
HELIOS: I will not lose! Did you hear me!
SPECTRA: Yes. We will not be defeated!
Ability, activate!
SPECTRA: Chaos Cannon!
HELIOS: Haaaaaahhhhhh!
DAN: Ability activate!
Not so fast!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
DAN: Dragon Phalanx!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
DRAGO: [exertion]
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [exertion]
RUNO: Whoa!
MARUCHO: You can say that again.
DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: [exertion]
DAN: Drago!
SPECTRA: Helios!
HELIOS: You don't know when to give up, do you?
DRAGO: I could say the same about you.
DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: [exertion]
INGRAM: We are a family...
PERCIVAL: ...together we fight...
WILLDA: ...as a team.
NEMUS: Drago's battle...
ELFIN: ...is our battle.
HELIOS: [exertion]
DAN: Come on, Drago! You're almost there! Give it your all!
DRAGO: Come brothers and sisters!
Lend me your strength!
Dragon Phalanx!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Get him Helios!
HELIOS: [struggling, exertion]
[\u266a]
HELIOS: Aaaaarrrrrrggggghhhhh!
DAN: [yelling]
SPECTRA: [yelling]
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt]
HELIOS: [groan]
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Helios...
HELIOS: [shallow breathing]
GAUNTLET: Spectra Life force zero.
HELIOS: I'm broken.
HELIOS: I am the one who's been defeated for good.
DRAGO: Helios...
HELIOS: Drago...you are the ultimate Bakugan...You
are number one.
DRAGO: That's not important.
HELIOS: [grunt, groan]
DRAGO: Helios!
DRAGO: Come on...You're okay.
HELIOS: Drago...Thank-you.
DAN: You okay, Spectra?
SPECTRA: You're good, Dan. The best.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Thanks man.
SPECTRA: Perhaps it's time...that I consider
working with the best, instead of against him.
MIRA: [gasp]
DAN: Huh?
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Things are looking...brighter.
MIRA: [gasp]
Oh Keith!
MIRA: Thank goodness, you're back!
[\u266a]
MIRA: Finally, my brother Keith has come back from
his dark place, and ever since them things have
been so wonderful.
I just hope this isn't all a dream.
MIRA: One day Keith suggested to Dan that we
get Drago some Battle Gear of his own.
The only thing was that in order to build it we needed
to analyze certain parts of Drago's battling skills.
That meant Keith had to put the mask back on in order
to Brawl with Dan and gather the necessary information.
I really hope he's able to take the mask off when the
fight is over.
MIRA: The suspense is heavy. Tune in to see what I mean.
MIRA: Bakugan Brawl!
MIRA: Awesome!
[\u266a]